CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
VIDMARK ENTERTAINMENT
[WOMAN]
THE SYSTEM DICTATES
THAT ONE MUST BE A SLAVE
BEFORE YOU CAN BECOME
A SUCCESS,
BUT THIS CAN BE
A VERY DEMANDING PROCESS.
ONLY A FEW PEOPLE
HAVE THE DRIVE
TO ENDURE THE THOUSANDS
OF INDIGNITIES AND HARDSHIPS
THAT MAKE UP THE SYSTEM.
NOW, THIS DRIVE IS
USUALLY MOTIVATED BY GREED,
SOMETIMES AMBITION,
SOMETIMES EVEN LOVE.
THERE ARE STORIES
OF LOVE INSPIRING SUCCESS
OVER THE MOST
INSURMOUNTABLE OF ODDS.
THIS IS NOT
ONE OF THOSE STORIES.
BUDDY'S DOING GREAT.
IT'S GREAT
TO SEE YOU, DEREK.
I'LL TELL HIM
HE OWES YOU A CALL.
COOL.
THANKS, DEREK.
WHERE WAS I?
SHELLEY WINTERS.
BUDDY INVITES HER
TO DO A READING FOR A PART.
SHELLEY WINTERS HAS NOT
AUDITIONED FOR A PART
IN 15 OR 20 YEARS,
BUT BUDDY COULD CONVINCE
A FLEA IT NEEDS TICKS.
THAT'S WHY
THE MAN IS MY GOD.
WHO'S SHELLEY WINTERS?
SHE'S
THE ACTRESS.
SHELLEY ROLLS INTO
THE OFFICE AND PLOPS DOWN.
BUDDY IS WORKING IT,
SWEET-TALKING HER.
THE PROJECT, THE PROJECT.
SHELLEY'S NOT BUYING IT.
SHE'S JUST SITTING THERE.
FINALLY, SHE REACHES INTO
HER BAG AND PULLS OUT AN OSCAR.
NO WAY.
AN HONEST TO GOD
ACADEMY AWARD.
BUDDY STILL DOESN'T SHUT UP.
HE'S GOING ON
AND ON AND ON.
BUDDY'S SWEET-TALKING.
SHELLEY, NOT PHASED,
AGAIN REACHES DOWN INTO HER BAG,
PULLS OUT ANOTHER OSCAR,
TWO OSCARS,
AND ANOTHER.
BUDDY, SHELLEY--
THE WOMAN
IS SURROUNDED BY OSCARS.
DEAD SILENCE.
FINALLY, SHE LOOKS HIM
RIGHT IN THE EYE,
AND SHE SAYS,
"YOU KNOW,
SOME PEOPLE THINK I CAN ACT."
THIS COMING FROM THE FUTURE
PRESIDENT OF KEYSTONE PICTURES.
I CAN'T REALLY
PICTURE HER.
WHO'S SHELLEY WINTERS?
OH, WAIT, WAIT.
I GOT IT.
SHE DOES
THE POLYDENTURE
COMMERCIALS, RIGHT?
OH, RIGHT, AND SHE'S
MARRIED TO THAT GUY
WHO'S LIKE 20 YEARS
YOUNGER THAN HER.
RIGHT, RIGHT.
STOP IT. STOP IT.
THAT'S MARTHA RAYE, YOU IDIOTS.
SHELLEY WINTERS.
WINCHESTER '73.
A PLACE IN THE SUN.
A PATCH OF BLUE.
LOLITA.
THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE.
OH, YEAH, YEAH.
THAT'S
SHELLEY WINTERS.
THAT WAS
A VERY GOOD FILM.
SORRY I ASKED.
I WAS CURIOUS.
I APOLOGIZE.
NEVER APOLOGIZE, MOE.
IT'S A SIGN OF WEAKNESS.
GUY, GUY,
IT'S FOSTER KANE.
INTRODUCE US.
THE MAN IS MY GOD.
GUY, THEY LET YOU
OUT OF THE SALT MINE.
TO KEEP AN EYE
ON YOU, FOSTER.
SAY HELLO TO THE BOYS.
HEY, HOW ARE
YOU DOING, MR. KANE?
IT'S GREAT TO MEET YOU.
YOU'RE THE BEST.
HOW'S BUDDY?
BUDDY'S GREAT.
HE'S GREAT.
I CALLED
THE OTHER DAY.
I HAVEN'T
HEARD BACK, THOUGH.
I'LL TELL HIM
HE OWES YOU A CALL.
BE SEEING YOU AGAIN.
VERY NICE
TO MEET YOU.
I LOVE THAT GUY.
AMAZING...
[BEEPING]
WHO WAS THAT AGAIN?
ONLY THE MOST POWERFUL,
SOUGHT-AFTER
DIRECTOR IN TOWN.
BUDDY'S PAGING YOU NOW?
EXCUSE ME, GENTLEMEN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO EMBARRASS ME?
HE IS THE PRODIGAL SON
OF KEYSTONE PICTURES.
HE IS
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S BOY.
HE IS OUR TICKET IN,
SO DON'T BLOW IT WITH
YOUR STUPID QUESTIONS.
MOE!
YOU'RE NOT COMING ANYMORE.
YOU CAN'T COME ANYMORE.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
O.K.
YEAH, WHAT?
DAWN? IT'S GUY.
OH, HEY.
HI.
LISTEN, UM...
[PAGER BEEPING]
ABOUT
THE OTHER DAY...
SOUNDS LIKE
YOU'RE BEING SUMMONED.
THAT'S BUDDY. HE'S BEEN TRYING
TO REACH ME ALL NIGHT.
FORGET ABOUT BUDDY.
CAN I COME OVER?
I THINK WE REALLY
NEED TO TALK.
NOT RIGHT NOW.
I HAVE ALL THESE
SCRIPTS TO READ.
I'M REALLY BUSY.
OH.
CAN WE DO THIS
TOMORROW?
YEAH. ALL RIGHT.
TALK TO ME.
WHAT IS IT?
NOTHING. I...
THERE'S JUST
SOMETHING
THAT I WANT
TO TELL YOU...
BUT IT CAN WAIT
TILL TOMORROW.
CALL ME IN THE MORNING, O.K.?
I WILL.
DAWN?
WHAT?
I REALLY AM SORRY.
O.K.
[DIAL TONE]
[PAGER BEEPING]
[DIALING]
YEAH, WHAT?
IT'S GUY.
YOU BEEPED?
WHAT TOOK YOU
SO FUCKING LONG?
WELL, I HAD TO
GET TO A PHONE--
WHATEVER.
ANYWAY, IS IT DONE?
YES.
I RETURNED EVERY CALL,
AND I LEFT WORD.
SOME ASSHOLE
COMPLAINED TO CYRUS
THAT I'M NOT
RETURNING MY CALLS.
I CAN'T AFFORD THAT,
NOT WHEN I'M ABOUT
TO BE PROMOTED.
YES, YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
CHRIST, YOU'RE NOT
EVEN LISTENING, ARE YOU?
GUY, I DON'T THINK
THIS IS WORKING ANYMORE.
MAYBE IT'S TIME
WE RECONSIDER
OUR RELATIONSHIP.
RECONSIDER?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT
IN THE MORNING.
WAIT A MINUTE!
RECONSIDER WHAT, BUDDY?
WHAT ARE
YOU GOING TO DO?
YOU GOING TO FIRE ME?
I GOT ANOTHER CALL.
HELLO? HELLO?
WE COULDN'T
RETURN CALLS.
YOU'VE BEEN AWAY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
RECONSIDER?
HOLD ON. SHUT UP.
[BUDDY]
GUY, TOMORROW CALL
THE PHONE COMPANY
BECAUSE ALL OF MY PHONES
ARE FUCKING SCREWED UP.
CANCEL THE CALL WAITING
CRAP AND PUT IN TWO--
NO, FOUR EXTRA LINES
HERE AT THE HOUSE.
AFTER YOU FIX THE PHONES,
RESEARCH WHO DIRECTED THE NEW
SLAM AND JAM MUSIC VIDEO.
IT'S GOT THIS BLONDE.
FIND OUT WHO HIS AGENT IS
AND WHAT HE'S DOING NEXT
AND THEN TRACK DOWN
THE BLONDE.
SHE'S WEARING THIS
AMERICAN FLAG KIND OF THING.
IT'S DRAPED ALL OVER HER.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT...
SET UP A MEETING.
SHE'S--SHE'S REALLY...
SHE'S PATRIOTIC.
THE VIDEO WAS
DIRECTED BY A SHE--
TRACY JANOWITZ.
AND YOU'RE
A LITTLE LATE.
SHE JUST SIGNED
A THREE-PICTURE DEAL
WITH UNIVERSAL.
WHAT THE HELL?
AND AS FAR
AS THE BLONDE...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
DON'T YOU THINK
SHE'S A LITTLE YOUNG?
EVEN FOR YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
JESUS CHRIST, YOU SCARED
THE LIVING SHIT OUT OF ME.
YOU'RE LUCKY
I DIDN'T SHOOT YOU.
WITH WHAT? THIS?
OH, GREAT. MY GUN.
HAND IT OVER.
SIT.
HAVE YOU GONE
COMPLETELY INSANE?
GIVE ME THE GUN NOW!
SIT THE FUCK DOWN NOW.
O.K., LOOK,
I KNOW THINGS HAVE BEEN
A LITTLE CRAZY
AT THE OFFICE LATELY,
BUT THERE'S NO NEED
FOR THIS.
WHY DON'T YOU PUT DOWN
THE GUN AND LET'S TALK?
WE'RE BOTH
RATIONAL ADULTS HERE.
BULLSHIT. YOU ARE
A FUCKING CHILD.
ALL RIGHT,
I GAVE YOU A CHANCE.
IT'S LATE, AND I'M
TIRED OF THIS BULLSHIT.
I'M CALLING THE COPS,
AND YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL.
END OF STORY.
HAVE A NICE LIFE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I WANT YOU...
TO THINK
AND REMEMBER
EVERY INSULT,
EVERY OFFENSE,
EVERYTHING THAT YOU
HAVE EVER TAKEN AWAY
FROM ME.
THINK TO YOURSELF.
IT'S PAYBACK TIME.
[RADIO]
CURRENTLY 78 DEGREES
IN HOLLYWOOD
AND SHAPING UP TO BE
A GREAT WEEKEND, EVERYONE.
OF COURSE, YOU GOT TO MAKE IT
THROUGH THE WEEK FIRST,
BUT IF YOU DO,
YOU CAN LOOK FORWARD TO
THE THIRD ANNUAL
CELEBRITY TRACTOR PULL
AT THE POMONA FAIRGROUNDS
THIS WEEKEND.
[TURNS OFF ENGINE]
[HORN HONKING]
[RADIO PLAYING]
HI. HOW ARE YOU?
FUCK YOU.
YOU'RE IN MY SPOT.
COULD YOU MOVE?
O.K.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I DIDN'T REALIZE
THAT WAS YOUR SPOT.
I SLAVED THREE
MISERABLE YEARS
TO GET THAT SPOT.
IT'S MINE.
I EARNED IT.
WHEN I PULLED IN,
I THOUGHT, "WOW,
WHAT A GREAT SPOT."
I'M GUY, BY THE WAY.
WHAT IS THIS?
YOUR FIRST DAY
ON THE JOB?
YES, YES.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
IT IS.
PIECE OF ADVICE--
LOSE THE SMILE.
IT MAKES YOU LOOK
LIKE A SCHMUCK.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
HELLO.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
OH, HOLD ON ONE SECOND.
READY TO GO
TO WORK, I SEE.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
NO, DEREK,
HE'S NOT HERE RIGHT NOW.
NO, THAT'S NOT
WHAT I SAID.
I SAID HE'S NOT HERE
RIGHT NOW AT THIS
MOMENT IN TIME.
MM-HMM. GOING TO
MISS YOU, TOO, DEREK.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
YES, I KNOW
THE MEETING HAS STARTED.
I'LL SEND HIM DOWN
AS SOON AS HE GETS HERE.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S.
OH, HEY, MONA.
HOW ARE YOU, GORGEOUS?
OF COURSE YOU AND BUDDY
ARE ON FOR TONIGHT.
JUST GET
YOUR CUTE LITTLE BUTT
OVER TO HIS PLACE
BY MIDNIGHT.
BYE.
SO, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'VE HEARD
ABOUT THIS JOB,
BUT IT'S GOING TO
BE A LOT OF WORK
FOR SHIT WAGES.
A LOT OF SHIT WORK
PICKING UP DRY CLEANING,
GASSING UP HIS CAR,
GETTING HIM COFFEE,
GETTING HIM LUNCH,
AND GETTING HIM LAID,
AND HE CAN BE, WELL,
DIFFICULT...
DIFFICULT AT TIMES.
AFTER ALL, BUDDY IS
THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE
VICE PRESIDENT
OF PRODUCTION
FOR KEYSTONE.
ONLY TWO PEOPLE
BIGGER THAN THAT.
STELLA SMILEY, PRESIDENT
OF WORLD-WIDE PRODUCTION
FOR NOW.
SHE DOESN'T LIKE US.
BUT THAT'S O.K....
EXCUSE ME.
I'M SORRY.
BECAUSE ABOVE HER
IS CYRUS MILES,
STUDIO CHAIRMAN
AND GRAND POOH BAH.
WE CALL HIM GOD,
AND HE DOES LIKE US.
THAT THING
IS GOING TO BE
THE SECOND
MOST IMPORTANT THING
IN YOUR LIFE.
PITY THE DAY
IT BREAKS DOWN ON YOU.
GUY, IF YOU DO
THIS JOB WELL,
WEALTH AND OPPORTUNITY
ARE YOURS.
ALL OF
BUDDY'S ASSISTANTS
HAVE GONE ON TO BIGGER
AND BETTER THINGS.
ONE IS RUNNING
THE SONY CHANNEL.
ANOTHER ONE PRODUCED
ALL THE MACAULAY CULKIN
ACTION PICTURES.
WOW.
IT'S A GOOD LINEAGE,
A LEGACY.
IF YOU DON'T
MIND ME ASKING--
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
VICE PRESIDENT OF
PRODUCTION AT PARAMOUNT.
LIKE I SAID,
IT IS A GOOD LINEAGE.
THIS IS GOING TO BE
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
IN YOUR LIFE.
WORKS VERY SIMPLY.
STEADY GREEN LIGHT--
THE LINE IS ACTIVE.
IF IT'S OFF, IT'S DEAD.
FLASHING RED--
SOMEONE'S HOLDING.
FLASHING GREEN--
INCOMING.
INCOMING, YES.
DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL DO ALL RIGHT,
FARM BOY.
ACTUALLY...
I'M FROM
UPSTATE NEW YORK.
THERE ARE FARMS
AROUND IN THE AREA.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE.
I'M FROM
A MORE URBAN AREA.
GUY, SO GLAD
TO SEE YOU HERE.
I CANNOT TELL YOU
HOW GRATEFUL I AM
THAT YOU COULD START
RIGHT AWAY.
IT WILL BE NICE
TO GET SOME REAL HELP
AND GET RID OF
THIS MONGOLOID
SO HE'LL STOP
SCREWING ME UP
AND FUCK THE COMPETITION
FOR A CHANGE.
WHAT?
STELLA'S ON LINE ONE,
MOM'S ON TWO.
GET ME ROB
ON THE PHONE.
HE'S ON THREE.
TELL STELLA TO HOLD.
TAKE MY MOM.
WHEN YOU'RE DONE
WITH HER,
WEST LOBBY, TUBE DRESS,
STILETTO HEELS. FETCH.
COME ON, GUY,
YOU'RE IN FOR A TREAT.
[ASSISTANT]
STELLA, HE'LL BE RIGHT DOWN.
HE JUST WALKED IN.
ROB, I RAN THE ROUGH CUT
LAST NIGHT.
THE MIX IS STILL
WAY TOO GODDAMN LOW.
I TOLD YOU YOU GOT TO
BRING UP THE EXPLOSIONS.
THEY'VE GOT TO BE LOUD.
THE AUDIENCE SHOULD FEEL
THEIR BALLS TREMBLE.
SO I DON'T CARE IF
GOD TOLD YOU TO KEEP IT DOWN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
IT CAN'T BE DONE?
QUE PASA, THIS
CAN'T BE DONE?
ALL RIGHT, ROB.
SHUT UP FOR A SECOND.
JUST LISTEN.
LET'S TRY SOMETHING EASIER.
REPEAT THIS--WOULD YOU LIKE
THAT IN A PUMP OR A LOAFER?
NO, ROB,
JUST SAY IT WITH ME.
HUMOR ME. JUST SAY IT ONCE.
WOULD YOU LIKE THAT
IN A PUMP OR A LOAFER?
GOOD. NOW MEMORIZE IT.
BECAUSE AS OF TOMORROW,
THE ONLY JOB YOU'RE
GOING TO BE ABLE TO GET
IS SELLING SHOES.
WELL, I, UM...
ROB'S CALLING AGAIN
ON LINE ONE.
YO, ROB.
LOOK, I'M BUSY NOW.
I CAN'T REALLY...
WELL, I'M GLAD
YOU SEE IT MY WAY NOW.
HEY, LOOK, WE ALL HAVE
OUR MISUNDERSTANDINGS.
GET IT DONE. WHERE'S STELLA?
WHAT'S MY SCHEDULE?
SHE WANTS YOU IN
THE STAFF MEETING.
DID THEY START YET?
NO. THEY'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR YOU
FOR 15 MINUTES.
GOOD. LET ME TELL
YOU SOMETHING, GUY.
IF THEY CAN'T START
A MEETING WITHOUT YOU,
WELL, THAT'S A MEETING
WORTH GOING TO, ISN'T IT?
THAT'S THE ONLY
KIND OF MEETING
YOU SHOULD EVER
CONCERN YOURSELVES WITH.
FILE THIS. WHAT'S NEXT?
HER NAME IS MITZI.
I LIKE THAT.
O.K. LET'S DO IT.
MITZI! HI!
BUDDY ACKERMAN. SENIOR
VICE PRESIDENT OF PRODUCTION.
I SAW YOU IN THE LOBBY
ON MY WAY IN.
I'M ON MY WAY TO A VERY
IMPORTANT MEETING.
I CAN JUST TELL
THAT THERE ARE
ENORMOUS OPPORTUNITIES
FOR THE BOTH OF US,
AND I WILL PULL MYSELF
OUT OF THIS MEETING
IF YOU CAN BEAR JUST
WAITING 10 MINUTES...
BECAUSE I WOULD LOVE IT
IF YOU AND I COULD
JUST SIT AND CHAT.
WOULD THAT BE POSSIBLE?
OH, THAT'S GREAT.
NOW, IF YOU
NEED ANYTHING,
YOU JUST ASK
THESE TWO BOYS HERE.
KEEP HER HAPPY.
JUST GO SIT DOWN.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
WHERE'S
MY FUCKING COFFEE?
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE.
CREAM, SUGAR.
SWEET 'N LOW.
COME ON, PEOPLE.
I'M LATE FOR A MEETING HERE.
LET'S GO, GO, GO!
[SNIFFS]
EXCUSE ME.
WHAT IS THIS?
SWEET 'N LOW?
NO. THIS IS NOT
SWEET 'N LOW.
THIS IS EQUAL.
BLUE PACKET.
SWEET 'N LOW
IS PINK, SEE.
EQUAL--BLUE.
SWEET 'N LOW--PINK.
IT'S NOT
THE SAME THING, IS IT?
WELL, I THINK
THEY BOTH CONTAIN--
WHAT EQUAL CONTAINS
IS NOT MY CONCERN HERE.
I DON'T CARE IF IT HAS
FUCKING FAIRY DUST IN IT.
WHAT I AM CONCERNED
WITH IS DETAIL.
I ASKED FOR
SWEET 'N LOW.
YOU BRING ME BACK EQUAL.
THAT ISN'T WHAT I ASKED FOR,
AND THAT SHIT ISN'T
GOING TO WORK AROUND HERE.
I JUST THOUGHT--
YOU THOUGHT.
DO ME A FUCKING FAVOR--
SHUT UP.
LISTEN AND LEARN.
LOOK, I KNOW THAT
THIS IS YOUR FIRST DAY,
AND YOU DON'T REALLY KNOW
HOW THINGS WORK AROUND HERE,
SO I WILL TELL YOU.
YOU HAVE NO BRAIN.
NO JUDGMENT CALLS
ARE NECESSARY.
WHAT YOU THINK
MEANS NOTHING.
WHAT YOU FEEL
YOU ARE HERE FOR ME.
YOU ARE HERE
TO PROTECT MY INTERESTS
AND TO SERVE MY NEEDS.
WHILE IT MAY LOOK LIKE
A LITTLE THING TO YOU,
WHEN I ASK FOR
A PACKET OF SWEET 'N LOW...
THAT'S WHAT I WANT,
AND IT IS YOUR
RESPONSIBILITY NOW
TO SEE THAT
I GET WHAT I WANT.
AM I CLEAR?
YES, SIR.
I'M NOT TRYING
TO BE CRUEL.
I'M JUST TRYING TO HELP,
BECAUSE IF YOU DO
THIS JOB RIGHT,
IF YOU LISTEN AND LEARN,
YOU CAN DO ANYTHING
YOU WANT IN THIS TOWN.
LOOK AT REX HERE--
A V.P. AT PARAMOUNT.
REX. WHAT A NAME.
BELONGS TO A MUTT.
IF I CAN GET
DOG BOY HERE A JOB,
YOU'RE GOING
TO DO JUST FINE.
I FUCKED UP.
IT'S OVER.
RELAX.
HE DOES THAT A LOT.
TOMORROW HE'LL ASK
YOU FOR AN EQUAL.
IT'S A LOSE-LOSE
SITUATION.
WELL, DOES IT
STILL HAPPEN TO YOU?
DAILY.
ACTUALLY, HOURLY.
LOOK, EVERY DAY IS
SOMETHING COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT.
NOTHING IS
EVER THE SAME.
WHAT HE WANTS,
WHAT HE NEEDS
CAN CHANGE
IN A SECOND.
THE TRICK IS TO HAVE
EVERYTHING READY.
ANTICIPATE.
NEXT TIME BRING
BACK AN EQUAL
AND A SWEET 'N LOW.
PROTECT
HIS INTERESTS
AND SERVE HIS NEEDS.
COME ON,
SAY IT WITH ME.
PROTECT HIS INTERESTS
AND SERVE HIS NEEDS.
O.K., BUT THAT'S CRAZY.
THAT'S NO WAY
TO RUN A BUSINESS.
UH-UH.
FIRST MISTAKE.
THIS IS NOT
A BUSINESS.
NO RULES HERE.
SAVE THAT
CANDY-STRIPED CRAP
FOR THE WALL STREET
WIMPS.
THIS IS
SHOW BUSINESS.
PUNCHING BELOW THE BELT
IS NOT ONLY ALL RIGHT...
IT IS REWARDED.
SO IN THIS,
THIS BUSINESS OF SHOW,
YOU GOT TO ASK YOURSELF,
WHAT IS IT THAT
IS GOING TO MAKE THEM
SIT UP AND TAKE NOTICE
OF YOU?
WORK REALLY, REALLY HARD.
DON'T WORRY, FARM BOY.
YOU'LL LEARN.
HAVE A CIGARETTE.
I DON'T SMOKE.
THIS AND
THAT POT OF COFFEE
ARE GOING TO BE
YOUR BEST FRIENDS
FOR THE NEXT YEAR.
GET TO KNOW THEM.
COME ON, ROLL UP
YOUR SLEEVES.
WE GOT WORK TO DO.
O.K.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
YOU ARE IN BIG TROUBLE.
START MAKING
FUNERAL ARRANGEMENTS
BECAUSE YOU ARE
DEAD IN THIS TOWN.
APOLOGIZE.
EXCUSE ME? WHAT?
OW! OW! OW! MY HAIR!
I WANT YOU
TO APOLOGIZE.
FOR WHAT?
APOLOGIZE.
FUCK YOU.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
UH, I DON'T HAVE
THAT INFORMATION.
LET ME ASK HIM,
AND I'LL HAVE HIM--
I'LL CALL YOU BACK.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
HANK, LISTEN,
IS THERE ANY WAY
THAT YOU CAN HAVE THAT DELIVERED
BY THE END OF THE DAY?
GREAT, GREAT, GREAT.
I APPRECIATE IT.
THANK YOU. BYE.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
[BUDDY]
PICK UP THE PHONE,
PICK UP THE PHONE.
IT IS IN YOUR
JOB DESCRIPTION.
THE PHONES
ARE GOING CRAZY.
IF I GET THAT
ANSWERING MACHINE AGAIN,
I DRAW BLOOD.
TODAY'S SCHEDULE. DO IT.
YOU HAVE A PITCH AT 10:30.
HOW MANY TIMES
HAVE I TOLD YOU?
NO PITCHES BEFORE 11:00.
WE'VE GOT TOO MUCH TO DO.
I'VE GOT CALLS TO RETURN.
CANCEL WHOEVER IT IS.
IT'S WITH DAWN LOCKARD.
OH, WELL, O.K.
UM, TELL HER
I'LL BE A LITTLE LATE.
AND GET ME STELLA.
PATCH HER THROUGH
TO ME RIGHT AWAY.
ALL RIGHT.
BUDDY ACKERMAN CALLING.
I'M HERE TO SEE BUDDY.
I'M DAWN LOCKARD.
I'M A PRODUCER
ON THE LOT.
HI.
BUDDY'S RUNNING
A LITTLE LATE SO, UH,
JUST HAVE A SEAT.
UH, YES, FINE,
I'LL TELL HIM.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
YEAH, WHAT HAPPENED?
STELLA'S OFFICE
JUST CALLED.
SHE'S GOING TO BE
UNREACHABLE TILL MONDAY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
UNREACHABLE?
SHE'S WHITE-WATER RAFTING
IN COLORADO WITH TOM CRUISE.
YEAH? SO?
TRACK HER DOWN.
FIND OUT
WHERE SHE'S STAYING.
SHE'S RAFTING.
WELL, SHE'S UNREACHABLE.
UH-HUH. I DON'T SEE
THE PROBLEM.
SHE'S RAFTING
ON THE WATER.
I DON'T IMAGINE
THEY HAVE PHONES THERE.
THEY HAVE HELICOPTERS,
DON'T THEY?
YES, I SUPPOSE THEY DO.
YOU SUPPOSE?
LISTEN,
YOU LITTLE TWERP,
I CAN'T SPEND MY DAY
TELLING YOU
HOW TO DO YOUR JOB.
WHAT? IS HE IN
ONE OF HIS MOODS?
YEAH.
IT'S NOT BRAIN
SURGERY, YOU KNOW.
YOU COME BACK WITH
"SHE'S UNREACHABLE"?
I DON'T EVER WANT TO
HEAR THAT WORD AGAIN.
SHUT UP. LISTEN. LEARN.
THERE IS NO SUCH WORD
AS UNREACHABLE
FOR THIS OFFICE.
FIND HER. GET HER.
I WANT TO TALK
TO HER BY LUNCH.
OUT! OUT!
WHO DO YOU WORK FOR?
IF SHE'S NOT
ON THE PHONE BY...
LISTEN, ABOUT THAT
PARKING SPOT THING.
HAD I KNOWN
THAT YOU WORKED
FOR BUDDY,
I CERTAINLY
WOULD HAVE...
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
YOU GET ENOUGH SHIT
FROM HIM,
YOU DON'T NEED IT
FROM ME.
I CAN HANDLE BUDDY.
UNREACHABLE MAY WORK
FOR OTHER HACKS,
BUT NOT HERE!
DAWN, EXCUSE ME,
I JUST NEED TO YELL AT
MY MONGOLOID BRAIN-DEAD
ASSISTANT FOR A SECOND.
GET IN HERE!
IF YOU EVER USE
THE FUCKING WORD
UNREACHABLE
IN MY OFFICE,
I SWEAR TO GOD
I WILL SEND YOU
THROUGH THE LOBBY!
DON'T EVER
DO IT AGAIN!
YOU UNDERSTAND?
IF MY CAR PHONE ISN'T
PUT IN MY CAR BY 4:00,
YOU'RE A DEAD PERSON.
DAWN, GORGEOUS.
IT'S BEEN TOO LONG.
GET YOUR CUTE
LITTLE BUTT IN HERE.
GUY, HOLD ALL MY CALLS.
O.K., O.K.
DAWN, I DON'T THINK
THIS PONY IS GOING TO
WIN, PLACE, OR SHOW.
EVEN THE TITLE,
REAL LIFE.
IT'S A REAL PASS.
YOU NEED
THIS FILM, BUDDY.
IT'S AN IMPORTANT FILM
FOR THE 18 TO 25ers.
YOU CANNOT KEEP DISSING
WHAT THEY WANT TO SEE.
OH, REALLY? HOW
ABOUT THAT, GUY?
YOU'RE AT THAT AGE.
YOU FEEL DISSED?
WELL, UH, YEAH.
DISILLUSIONED, DISMAYED...
DISPOSABLE.
THANKS, AND THIS IS TOO DARK,
DEPRESSING, AND DULL.
IT'S NOT WHAT
PEOPLE WANT TO SEE.
I SUPPOSE
THAT PUMPED UP,
OVER-ADRENALIZED
MALE MACHO
BULLSHIT IS?
MY MALE MACHO BULLSHIT
JUST BROKE 180 MIL.
THE LAST IMPORTANT FILM
THIS STUDIO MADE
PEAKED AT 18.
THE ONE BEFORE THAT DIDN'T
EVEN BREAK DOUBLE DIGITS.
DAWN, FORGET ABOUT THIS
LOST ARTSY GENERATION CRAP.
YOU'VE BEEN AWAY
FROM ME TOO LONG.
COME BACK TO MY TEAM,
AND WE CAN MAKE
SOME REAL MOVIES.
OR I COULD JUST GO
TO STELLA WITH IT.
SHE IS PRESIDENT
OF PRODUCTION,
RIGHT?
HM-MMM, FOR NOW.
WHO CALLED?
OH, UH...
AHEM.
UH, MITCH AND CYRUS.
CYRUS? AND YOU
DIDN'T PUT HIM THROUGH?
YOU SAID
HOLD ALL YOUR CALLS.
FINE. WHO ELSE?
DEREK, MITZI,
AND STELLA RETURNED.
STELLA? STELLA!
YOU SAID TO HOLD
ALL YOUR CALLS.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW?
YOU DIDN'T HEAR ME
WHEN I SAID VERY IMPORTANT?
WHAT GOOD ARE YOU?
DO YOU HAVE A BRAIN?
DO YOU WANT THIS JOB?
SHUT UP, LISTEN, LEARN!
FUCK YOUR DISAPPOINTMENT!
FUCK YOUR DISILLUSIONMENT
AND FUCK YOU!
YOU ARE A WORTHLESS
FUCKING PRICK!
WELL, ISN'T THIS
TURNING INTO
AN INTELLIGENT
CONVERSATION.
LOUD AND NASTY. THAT'S
THE ONLY WAY IT STICKS, DAWN.
YOU DID SAY,
"HOLD ALL MY CALLS,"
BUDDY.
AND I CERTAINLY HOPE
YOU WOULDN'T WANT
ANYONE TO INTRUDE ON
OUR TIME TOGETHER.
HM-MMM.
FIND CYRUS. FIND STELLA.
GET THEM ON THE PHONE.
IF THEY AREN'T ON THE LINE
BY THE TIME I GET BACK,
YOU'D BETTER NOT
BE HERE, EITHER.
I'LL GET BACK TO YOU ABOUT THIS.
LET ME THINK ABOUT IT,
AND, UM,
LET'S GET TOGETHER SOON.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE CALLING.
AS I WAS SAYING
ABOUT THAT LITTLE
MISUNDERSTANDING,
WHY DON'T YOU LET ME
MAKE IT UP TO YOU?
HOW ABOUT LUNCH?
THANK YOU,
BUT I REALLY--I CAN'T.
LOOK, I'M GOING TO
BE REAL BLUNT HERE.
AS MUCH AS I HATE
IT, I NEED BUDDY.
I NEED MY CALLS
TO FIND THEIR WAY
TO HIS PHONE SHEET.
I NEED MY SCRIPTS
TO GO HOME WITH HIM.
IN SHORT, I NEED YOU
ON MY SIDE.
SEE WHAT I'M SAYING?
I DON'T WANT
TO BE PUT ON HOLD
OVER A PARKING SPOT.
SO WHY DON'T WE
JUST TRY THIS AGAIN?
HEY,
HOW ABOUT LUNCH?
WELL...
I'M NOT ALLOWED
TO TAKE LUNCH.
UM...BUDDY DOESN'T
BELIEVE IN IT.
FINE. DRINKS IT IS.
HERE'S MY CARD.
CALL ME WHEN
YOU'RE DONE TONIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
TONIGHT?
THAT'S ALL RIGHT
WITH YOU, ISN'T IT?
OH, YEAH.
IT JUST SEEMS...
THAT A WOMAN
AS POWERFUL
AND AS ATTRACTIVE
AND AS PLEASANT-NATURED
AS YOURSELF
WOULD BE BOOKED UP
FOR TONIGHT.
WELL, GUESS WHAT.
I AM NOW.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
A PIECE OF ADVICE.
YOU SHOULD TALK
TO HIM ABOUT
THE YELLING.
IT KIND OF MAKES YOU
LOOK LIKE A SCHMUCK.
YEAH, SOME TIP.
YOU OUGHT TO BE SHOT
FOR SCARING ME THAT EARLY.
THE CHANGE STELLA WANTS?
IT'S NOT ME.
I'M SURE SHE WOULD
LIKE IT TO BE.
YEAH? WELL,
YOUR SOURCES SUCK.
ANYWAY, TURNS OUT THAT
CYRUS' GRANDSON WAS WHINING
ABOUT HOW ALL
OF TODAY'S FILMS
ARE MADE FOR ADULTS.
THERE'S NOTHING FOR
HIM AND HIS FRIENDS.
THE OLD MAN BITCHED
AND MOANED TO STELLA,
AND NOW WE GOT TO
GO OUT AND FIND
THE NEXT HIPPEST,
HOTTEST THING--
SOMETHING FOR THE KIDS.
ISN'T THAT GREAT?
YOU GOT ANYTHING?
GREAT. SEND IT TO ME.
ALL RIGHT.
BYE-BYE.
YEAH, WHAT?
WELL, I WANTED
TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THE PHONE CALLS.
NO APOLOGY NECESSARY.
EVERYONE'S ALLOWED
AT LEAST ONE MISTAKE.
WELL, THAT'S JUST IT.
SEE, I...
I DON'T FEEL THAT
I MADE A MISTAKE,
AND, WELL...
I WOULD APPRECIATE IT
IF YOU DIDN'T YELL AT ME
IN FRONT OF
THE ENTIRE OFFICE.
EXCUSE ME. WHAT?
UH...THE YELLING.
[STAMMERING]
OH.
YOU DISAPPROVE.
I'M SORRY.
DID I...
DID I HURT
YOUR FEELINGS?
NO. NO, NO.
I JUST DON'T FEEL
THAT IT'S NECESSARY.
IT CERTAINLY
DOESN'T HELP ME,
AND I THINK--
WELL, I'M GLAD
YOU BROUGHT THIS UP.
GREAT. GREAT.
BECAUSE I'VE FOUND
THAT AN OFFICE CAN'T RUN...
PROPERLY...
IF THE LINES
OF COMMUNICATION
AREN'T OPEN.
RIGHT. RIGHT.
YES.
SO, IN THAT CASE...
LET'S MAKE
A FEW THINGS CLEAR.
O.K. GREAT. GREAT.
THIS--THIS IS HELPFUL.
I MEAN...
LET'S REVIEW.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU
THE FIRST DAY?
YOUR THOUGHTS
ARE NOTHING.
YOU ARE NOTHING.
AND YET YOU HAVE
THE NERVE TO WALK
INTO MY OFFICE
AND TELL ME--
I-I-I--
PLEASE, SHUT UP.
AT LEAST ALLOW ME
THE COURTESY
OF FINISHING.
I'VE ENDURED
YOUR INSULTS.
THIS IS A BAD TIME.
WHO DO YOU
THINK YOU ARE,
YOU SNOT-FACED
LITTLE PUNK?
LET ME MAKE THIS
CLEAR FOR YOU, O.K.?
TRY TO FOLLOW ME.
I'M GOING
TO BE MOVING IN
A CIRCULAR MOTION.
IF YOU
PAY ATTENTION,
THERE WILL BE
A POINT!
YOU ARE NOTHING!
IF YOU WERE IN
MY TOILET BOWL,
I WOULDN'T BOTHER
FLUSHING IT.
MY BATH MAT
MEANS MORE.
YOU SEE THIS?
THIS MEANS MORE
TO THE OFFICE
THAN YOU,
YET DO YOU HEAR
ANY COMPLAINTS
WHEN I DO THIS?
THESE PENCILS AND PENS,
MORE IMPORTANT!
THESE PAPER CLIPS,
YOU MISERABLE
LITTLE CRYBABY!
YOU DON'T
LIKE IT HERE? LEAVE!
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
WOULD KILL FOR
YOUR SPOT
AND THE OPPORTUNITY
TO BE HERE.
I COULD SPIT
AND HIT SOMEBODY
WHO COULD DO THIS
JOB BETTER THAN YOU.
THIS IS THE FAST
TRACK TO THE TOP.
WHY CAN'T YOU SHOW
A LITTLE BACKBONE,
HUH? HUH?
"I DON'T THINK
THE YELLING
IS NECESSARY."
BE A LITTLE MORE
THICKSKINNED,
YOU TURD.
YOU GOT TO BE A MAN
TO DO THIS JOB!
[CHUCKLING]
TALK TO HIM
ABOUT THE YELLING?
THANKS. THAT WAS
A GOOD TIP.
YOU GOT TO GIVE ACTION
TO GET ACTION.
SO, GUY,
WHAT'S YOUR STORY?
IS YOUR UNCLE BOB
IN THE BUSINESS,
OR ARE YOU JUST
ANOTHER BOY OUT
FOR QUICK CASH,
QUICK CARS,
AND AN EASY LAY?
YOU HATE ME.
IS THAT IT?
YOU REALLY HATE ME.
NO, I'M JUST FEELING
EXTRA CHARITABLE.
[CHEWING ON ICE]
SO TALK. AMUSE ME.
WHAT'S YOUR STORY?
I'M A RECENT
FILM SCHOOL GRADUATE
WITH FAIRLY DISAPPOINTED
MIDDLE-CLASS PARENTS
WHO HAD HOPED THEIR SON
WOULD HAVE BEEN
ANYTHING BUT A WRITER.
OH, YOU'RE A WRITER?
REALLY?
YEAH.
WHY ARE YOU
FETCHING COFFEE
FOR BUDDY ACKERMAN?
FETCHING?
I'M NOT FETCHING.
HE'S ONE OF THE TOP
STUDIO EXECUTIVES
IN THE BUSINESS.
I'M HIS ASSISTANT.
BASICALLY, YOU'RE
SUBSTITUTING TALENT
WITH LIBERAL AMOUNTS
OF ASS-KISSING, RIGHT?
O.K.
I'VE TAKEN
JUST ABOUT ENOUGH
CHARACTER ASSASSINATION
FOR ONE DAY.
THANKS FOR THE DRINK.
PLEASE SIT DOWN.
SIT.
IF THIS TIME
CAN BE SPENT
CONVINCING YOU TO
DOING ANYTHING ELSE
WITH YOUR LIFE,
TO GETTING OUT WHILE
YOU ARE STILL WHOLE,
IT IS TIME
WELL SPENT.
LET ME ASK YOU
A QUESTION.
WHY DO YOU WANT THIS?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST SOMETHING
THAT I'VE ALWAYS
WANTED TO DO.
OH, BULLSHIT.
IS IT THE MONEY?
THERE ARE EASIER
WAYS TO GET RICH.
GIRLS? I'LL FLOAT
YOU A BILL
AND GIVE YOU
A NUMBER TO CALL
RIGHT NOW.
WHY THE MOVIES?
DO YOU REALLY
WANT TO KNOW?
I REALLY
WANT TO KNOW.
WILL YOU FORM
SOME CONCLUSION?
I REALLY
WANT TO KNOW.
YOU REALLY
WANT TO KNOW?
WELL, FINE.
MEMORIES.
MEMORIES?
YES.
ALL MY FAVORITE MEMORIES
HAVE BEEN OF MOVIES.
FOR INSTANCE,
MY FIRST JOB.
SUMMER OF '88.
INDIANA JONES
AND THE LAST CRUSADE.
MY FIRST CAR.
THE SUMMER THAT
RANCHO DEL RIO OPENED.
FINE BUDDY ACKERMAN FILM.
WHAT ABOUT
YOUR FIRST KISS?
UH...SUMMER OF 1979.
THE FISH THAT
SAVED PITTSBURGH.
WHAT WAS HER NAME?
I DON'T REMEMBER,
BUT GABE KAPLAN'S HAIR
IN THAT MOVIE WAS AMAZING.
THE ONLY WHITE MAN
I'VE EVER SEEN
WITH AN AFRO.
WOW! A SMILE.
MAYBE YOU DON'T
HATE ME.
WOW! GET OVER
YOURSELF.
LET ME GIVE YOU
A PIECE OF ADVICE HERE.
IF YOU WANT TO MAKE IT
IN THIS BUSINESS,
YOU DON'T HAVE ROOM
FOR A PERSONAL LIFE,
MUCH LESS
A RELATIONSHIP.
ABSOLUTELY
NO RELATIONSHIPS. NO.
NO RELATIONSHIPS.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
THIS IS GUY.
LEAVE ME A MESSAGE.
[BEEP]
[BUDDY]
MICHELLE, STOP IT.
I'M ON THE PHONE.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
GUY? HEY, I JUST WANTED
TO CALL AND SAY
I THINK TODAY'S TALK
WAS VERY HELPFUL--
AT LEAST FOR ME,
WHICH IS GREAT,
ESPECIALLY AT
THIS CRITICAL JUNCTURE
IN OUR RELATIONSHIP.
GOOD THINKING.
TOMORROW MORNING
ON YOUR WAY IN,
I NEED YOU TO PICK UP
A PRESCRIPTION FOR ME.
IT'S SOME PRETTY
SENSITIVE STUFF,
SO KEEP IT QUIET.
TRY NOT TO SCREW UP.
IT'S A TOP PRIORITY.
DON'T FAIL ME.
[GUY]
OH!
[BEEP]
SORRY, DAWN.
I HAD TO TAKE THAT.
SO, DINNER TONIGHT.
O.K.
YOUR PLACE.
YOU'RE HAPPY.
I HATE THAT.
GET ME PACKED UP NOW.
I NEED TO
GET TO SERVICES.
GOT TO GO.
WHAT SERVICES?
WHO DIED?
NO ONE YET.
IT'S YOM KIPPUR,
YOU IDIOT.
OH.
I DIDN'T REALIZE ACKERMAN
WAS A JEWISH NAME.
IT'S JEWISH ENOUGH,
ESPECIALLY WHEN
THE BIG PLAYERS
ARE INVOLVED.
BESIDES, I FEEL
THE SUDDEN NEED
TO ATONE FOR
MY SINS.
MARIE CALL?
MARIE. MARIE.
UH, YES, SHE DID.
SHE'LL BE AT YOUR PLACE
AT MIDNIGHT.
GREAT. GREAT.
BUDDY?
YEAH?
I WANTED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT DAWN'S PROJECT.
OH, YEAH. SHE'S GOT
A GREAT ONE,
DOESN'T SHE?
YEAH.
NO, ACTUALLY,
I WANTED TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT
DAWN'S PROJECT,
REAL LIFE.
NOW...
I THINK IT HAS
A LOT OF POTENTIAL.
I REALLY DO.
IT'S YOUNG, IT'S HOT,
AND IT COULD BE
EXACTLY WHAT CYRUS
IS LOOKING FOR.
WE COULD GET SOMEBODY
REALLY BIG TO DIRECT--
MAYBE PENNY MARSHALL.
WHAT? SHUT UP,
LISTEN, AND LEARN.
AVOID
WOMEN DIRECTORS.
THEY OVULATE.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT DOES TO
A THREE-MONTH SHOOT?
DO I NEED
TO SAY MORE? NEXT.
O.K. WELL...
WHAT ABOUT ALTMAN?
ALTMAN CAN DO IT.
ALTMAN! THAT HACK!
COULDN'T DIRECT
HIS WAY OUT OF
A PAPER BAG.
YOU WANT TO TALK
BIG DIRECTORS?
THINK ATTENBOROUGH,
SPIELBERG, LEAN.
LEAN'S DEAD.
NO, HE'S NOT. DON'T
YOU EVER SAY THAT.
HE'S JUST
UNAVAILABLE.
DID YOU GET THE STUFF?
OH, YES.
THE STUFF.
UH, I PUT IT IN
THE CABINET UNDER
THE SINK.
IT'S IN
A BROWN PAPER BAG.
NO. IT DOESN'T
BELONG THERE.
NO, NO, NO.
[PAPERS SHUFFLING]
GREAT. GREAT.
FILE THIS.
ROGAINE?
YOU'RE NOT LOSING
YOUR HAIR.
EXACTLY. ANTICIPATE.
LISTEN, ABOUT
DAWN'S PROJECT...
IT'S NOT A MOVIE.
IT'S A CAUSE.
EVEN THE TITLE--
REAL LIFE?
ALL THOSE SPEECHES
AND PRONOUNCEMENTS.
THAT IS NOT WHAT
PEOPLE WANT TO SEE.
WE ARE IN THE BUSINESS
OF DEVELOPING
PEOPLE'S DREAMS,
NOT DAMNING THEM.
CYRUS HAS ALREADY FOUND
THE NEXT NEW THING--
THIS YOUNG HOT DIRECTOR
FUCKING FOSTER KANE.
PICTURE DID VERY WELL
AT THE BOX OFFICE
LAST WEEKEND,
AND STELLA'S
ALREADY WOOED HIM.
SHE'S GOT HIM, NOT US.
WE'RE FUCKED.
WELL, YOU STILL GOT
THAT ARTICLE IN TIME.
WHAT ARTICLE?
IT'S THAT ARTICLE
ON VIOLENCE IN CINEMA.
CALLS YOU THE KING
OF WHAM BAM ACTION.
YEAH, RIGHT HERE.
WHY DOES NOBODY
TELL ME THESE THINGS?
I PUT IT ON YOUR DESK
THIS MORNING.
WHO GAVE THEM
THIS PICTURE?
OH, JESUS CHRIST.
WHERE DO THEY GET
THESE LIES?
LISTEN TO THIS CRAP.
I'M A BLIGHT
ON SOCIETY?
THIS HAS GOT STELLA
WRITTEN ALL OVER IT.
THESE ARE
HER FINGERPRINTS.
THAT BITCH
WANTS A WAR?
SHE'LL GET ONE.
FIRE THE FUCKING
PUBLICITY DEPARTMENT.
YOU GOT PLANS TONIGHT?
YEAH--
CANCEL THEM.
I'M SORRY, BUDDY.
I CAN'T.
NOT FOR NOTHING,
GUY.
YOU WANT TO MAKE
DAWN'S PROJECT FLY?
GO AHEAD.
PUT IT TOGETHER.
LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU CAN DO.
REALLY?
YEAH, BUT FIRST
WE NEED TO BURY
THIS ARTICLE.
THIS KID READS
I'M A BLIGHT
ON SOCIETY,
FORGET YOU, ME,
THE EXPENSE ACCOUNT.
WE'RE OUT, OUT, OUT!
YOU NEED TO FIND
EVERY COPY IN TOWN
AND DESTROY IT.
EVERY COPY?
YEAH, EVERY COPY.
FIND IT. BURY IT.
BUT IT'S TIME
MAGAZINE.
IT WOULD BE HARD
TO GET EVERY COPY.
YEAH. SO?
FIND A WAY. DO IT.
FIGURE IT OUT.
MY BRIEFCASE,
YOU IDIOT!
I'M SORRY.
IT'S ALL IN THERE.
JESUS CHRIST.
DAWN, I'M SORRY.
OF COURSE,
I WANT TO BE THERE,
BUT I CAN'T.
I HAVE TO WORK.
PLEASE.
TRY TO UNDERSTAND.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
I HAVE TO GO.
I HAVE ANOTHER CALL.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE.
[BUDDY]
OH, GOOD.
YOU'RE STILL THERE.
YOU GOT TO STICK
AROUND AND TAPE
THIS INTERVIEW
WITH FOSTER KANE
TONIGHT.
IT'S ON CNN,
11:00.
IT'S VERY,
VERY IMPORTANT.
WE MUST FIND A PROJECT
FOR THIS KID.
YOU GOT IT?
HELLO?
I GOT IT.
GREAT. DID YOU
GET RID OF ALL
THE ARTICLES?
I'M THROWING OUT
THE LAST COPIES NOW.
YOU CAN'T JUST
THROW THEM OUT.
YOU HAVE TO
DESTROY THEM.
RIP THEM UP--
EVERY COPY.
WELL...
IT'S JUST THAT
IT'S GETTING KIND OF LATE.
OH, I KNOW.
I KNOW.
THINGS ARE ROUGH NOW,
BUT THEY'LL
GET BETTER,
I PROMISE, GUY.
IF YOU PROVE
YOU CAN MANAGE
THESE TASKS,
IF YOU WORK HARD NOW,
THEN YOU'RE REWARDED.
YOU GET TO HAVE
SOME FUN.
DON'T EVER FORGET...
THIS JOB
IS VERY BIG ON...
PAYBACK.
[CRYING]
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
YOU SICK, TWISTED FUCK!
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
THIS IS SO COOL.
I SAW THIS
IN A MOVIE ONCE.
MATTER OF FACT,
IT WAS ONE OF YOURS,
I THINK.
AAH!
WHOO!
THIS ISN'T GOING
TO FIX THINGS.
TO HELP ANY OF
YOUR PROBLEMS.
YOU'RE RIGHT...
BUT IT MAKES ME FEEL
SO MUCH BETTER.
[MOANING]
[THUNDER]
THIS IS GOOD.
THIS OUGHT TO LOOSEN UP
THE CHICKS, RIGHT?
LET ME ASK
YOUR OPINION.
WHAT'S THE BEST
GETTING-LAID MUSIC?
I'M FINDING THAT
THE CARPENTERS
AND THAT KIND OF STUFF
JUST PUTS THEM RIGHT
TO SLEEP.
LET'S JUST SUPPOSE--
LET'S SUPPOSE SOMEBODY WERE
TO COME OVER HERE TONIGHT.
JUST SUPPOSE.
AM I BORING YOU?
I'M SORRY.
WHAT WAS IT YOU SAID
ABOUT ME ONCE?
THE PERSONALITY OF
A ROOF SHINGLE.
HA HA HA!
NOW, THAT WAS GOOD.
THAT WAS FUNNY.
EVERYBODY LAUGHED.
I DON'T WANT
TO BORE YOU,
SO LET'S
GET BACK TO WORK.
COME ON.
THERE'S GOT TO BE
ONE IN HERE SOMEWHERE.
EVERY KITCHEN DRAWER
HAS ONE.
[BANGING]
IT'S FUNNY.
I ONLY DREAMT ABOUT
DOING THESE THINGS.
ALL THOSE LONELY NIGHTS
IN THE OFFICE,
THOSE WEEKENDS,
PLAYING OUT ALL THESE
TORTURE SCENARIOS
IN MY HEAD,
THINKING ABOUT IT AGAIN
AND AGAIN.
YOU CAN'T IMAGINE
WHAT I'VE COME UP WITH.
WHATEVER YOU'RE
THINKING OF DOING,
PLEASE DON'T.
SHH.
PAPER CUTS.
NOW, THEY CAN BE
A BITCH.
OCCUPATIONAL HAZARD,
I GUESS.
BUT I'LL BET
IT'S BEEN A WHILE
SINCE YOU HAD ONE,
HUH?
ME?
I'M STARTING TO
GET USED TO THEM.
OH, GOD!
STINGS, DOESN'T IT?
WELL, LIKE I SAID,
YOU'LL GET USED TO THEM.
NOW, THE ONES THAT I
COULD NEVER HANDLE...
SAY AHH.
COME ON. DON'T!
YOU'RE ONLY GOING
TO MAKE IT HARDER
ON YOURSELF.
FORGET ABOUT
THE SHITTY MINT FLAVOR
ON THESE THINGS.
THE REAL PAIN IN THE ASS
IS WHEN YOU GET
A PAPER CUT ON
YOUR TONGUE.
[MOANING]
AAH!
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
HELLO, MISHKA.
NO, HE'S NOT IN.
MISHKA, BUDDY IS DEVOTED
TO ONLY YOU.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT YOU DO.
GET YOUR CUTE LITTLE BUTT
OVER TO HIS HOUSE BY MIDNIGHT.
O.K. BYE-BYE.
[WHISTLING]
THIS COULD BE THE BIGGEST
PICTURE OF THE YEAR.
REAL LIFE
DIRECTED BY FOSTER KANE.
I LIKE IT.
IT SMELLS OF MONEY.
IT WAS A GREAT IDEA
BRINGING DAWN
AND FOSTER TOGETHER.
I WOULD HAVE NEVER
THOUGHT OF THAT.
YOU MAY NOT BE
A COMPLETE IDIOT
AFTER ALL.
YOUR IDEAS HERE
AREN'T HALF BAD,
BUT I HATE THE TITLE
AND THE ENDING.
IT'S TOO DEPRESSING.
COME OUT TO THE HOUSE
THIS WEEKEND,
AND WE'LL FIGURE
SOMETHING OUT.
WILL WE BE READY
FOR CYRUS BY NEXT WEEK?
CYRUS?
UH, WELL...
DON'T YOU THINK
WE OUGHT TO WAIT
FOR STELLA
TO GET BACK?
STELLA! FUCK HER!
WE TAKE THIS TO STELLA,
SHE'S JUST GOING
TO TAKE CREDIT FOR
ALL YOUR WORK.
NO. FUCK HER.
IT'S KILL OR
HAVE YOUR CONTRACT
TERMINATED EARLY.
WE NEED TO GO
DIRECTLY TO THE TOP.
WE NEED TO GO TO CYRUS.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
DAWN'S BRINGING
THE PROJECT TO STELLA.
REMEMBER? YOU PASSED.
YOU LIKE DAWN,
DON'T YOU?
YOU CONSUMMATE
THE RELATIONSHIP YET?
DAWN? DAWN AND I--
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK.
SHUT UP AND LISTEN.
WOMEN...
THEY RESPOND TO ONE THING
AND ONE THING ONLY--
SUCCESS.
THIS ISN'T
JUST ME TALKING.
SIT DOWN.
THIS IS SCIENTIFIC FACT.
IT IS PRIMITIVE INSTINCT
FOR A WOMAN LIKE DAWN
TO CHOOSE A MATE
WHO CAN BEST PROVIDE
FOR HER NEEDS AND WANTS.
IT'S NO OFFENSE TO YOU,
BUT...YOU ARE ONLY
AN ASSISTANT.
SURE, YOU'RE MY ASSISTANT,
BUT YOU KNOW,
NONETHELESS.
AN ASSISTANT.
DAWN,
ON THE OTHER HAND,
IS A...
IS A PRODUCER.
HER CAR PHONE BILLS
ARE MORE THAN YOUR RENT.
JUST HOW LONG
DO YOU THINK YOU'RE
GOING TO LAST?
DAWN AND I...
WE, WE, WE--
I WANT TO HELP OUT,
BECAUSE IF YOU PUT
THIS PROJECT TOGETHER,
YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO BE
JUST THE ASSISTANT
ANY LONGER.
SO I'M GOING TO
GIVE YOU THE CHANCE
TO PLAY HERO.
YOU GET TO BE
DAWN'S WHITE KNIGHT
IN SHINING ARMOR.
YOU.
YOU HAVE TO
CONVINCE DAWN
TO BRING THE PROJECT
BACK TO ME.
NOT TO STELLA.
TO ME.
NOW, I COULD DO IT,
BUT THERE'D BE
NO PAYOFF FOR YOU.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
HOW I WOULD--
YOU DO THIS THING...
YOU CONVINCE DAWN
TO GO THIS WAY...
AND THEN YOU AND I...
ARE GOING TO
RUN THIS PLACE.
THE BOTH OF US.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL DO IT.
HE SAID I WAS
INDISPENSABLE.
LOOK. HE GAVE ME
A BEEPER.
I THINK HE'S BEGINNING
TO RESPECT ME.
HE'S REALLY BEGINNING
OH, GUY,
PLEASE WAKE UP.
HE'S JUST GOT YOU
ON A SHORTER LEASH,
THAT'S ALL.
OH, YOU'RE DOING IT
ALL WRONG. MOVE.
[SIGHS]
SO, LET ME GUESS.
HE GAVE YOU THAT
TEAM HORSESHIT, RIGHT?
WIN ONE FOR US--
YOU AND ME.
EXACTLY WHAT IS IT
THAT WE ARE SUPPOSED
TO DO?
NOT MUCH.
FIND A NEW TITLE,
NEW ENDING,
AND YOU HAVE TO
CANCEL YOUR MEETING
WITH STELLA.
UNBELIEVABLE!
UN-FUCKING-BELIEVABLE!
ALL STELLA
WANTS TO DO
IS TAKE CREDIT
FOR YOUR WORK.
I ALREADY CONVINCED
BUDDY TO GO DIRECTLY
TO CYRUS.
HE CAN'T DO THAT
IF YOU PITCH IT
TO STELLA.
I DON'T WANT
TO JEOPARDIZE
YOUR RELATIONSHIP
WITH STELLA.
I'M SORRY, BUT--
STOP.
DO NOT APOLOGIZE.
IT'S A SIGN
OF WEAKNESS.
MOVE.
DON'T TELL ME
WHAT NEEDS
TO BE DONE, GUY.
I KNOW THE DRILL.
THE POLITICKING,
THE COMPROMISES...
THE SPILLING OF
COFFEE ON OURSELVES
IN THE RACE
TO KISS ASS.
ACTUALLY,
BUDDY DID THAT.
I LET HIS COFFEE
GET COLD,
AND HE THREW IT AT ME.
BUT I LEARNED
A VALUABLE LESSON--
NEVER LET
BUDDY'S COFFEE GET COLD.
AND THIS?
IT'S A BAGEL STAIN.
BAGEL STAIN.
I PUT TOO MUCH
CREAM CHEESE
ON HIS BAGEL,
SO HE THREW IT
AT ME.
AGAIN, I LEARNED
A VERY VALUABLE LESSON--
NEVER PUT TOO MUCH
CREAM CHEESE
ON BUDDY'S BAGELS.
YEAH. HE REALLY
RESPECTS YOU.
I THINK
WE SHOULD WAIT.
I WILL WAIT
AND GO TO STELLA.
NO. BUDDY WANTS
TO DO THIS NOW.
IF THIS PICTURE IS BIG,
WE'LL GO MAKE
OUR OWN MOVIES.
WE JUST HAVE TO
DEAL WITH BUDDY
ON THIS ONE.
DO YOU HATE ME?
IS THAT IT?
YOU DO. YOU DO.
YOU HATE ME.
OH, GOD.
I DON'T HATE YOU.
I JUST
WANT YOU TO MAKE
THE RIGHT CHOICE.
I SAY WE GO
WITH BUDDY.
[SIGHS]
O.K. BUT KNOW THIS--
I HAVE SEEN
WHAT HE CAN DO.
YOU CANNOT GET
INTO BED WITH HIM
WITHOUT
GETTING FUCKED.
HE PLAYS A ZERO
SUM GAME.
THAT'S HIS DRILL.
NOBODY WINS UNLESS
SOMEBODY LOSES.
YEAH, WELL...
AS LONG AS
I DON'T LOSE YOU.
LOSS.
THEY SAY THAT REAL PAIN,
REAL SUFFERING
IS CAUSED FROM LOSS.
LOSS OF FAMILY.
LOSS OF LOVE.
LOSS OF THE THINGS
THAT MATTER MOST.
I LIKE IT.
IT'S A LITTLE
DIFFERENT LOOK FOR YOU,
BUT I LIKE IT.
O.K.
NOW...
LET'S FORGET
ALL THE OTHER SHIT
WE'VE BEEN DOING
HERE TONIGHT.
LET'S START THINKING BIG.
GRAND.
ABBONDANTE,
IF YOU WILL.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
DON'T GO ANYWHERE.
TA DA!
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THAT'S IT?
THAT'S ALL?
COME ON.
LOOK AT YOURSELF.
LOOK AT YOUR FACE.
LOOK AT
YOUR PRECIOUS HAIR.
[CHUCKLING]
THERE'S NO WAY THAT ROGAINE'S
GOING TO HELP YOU
OUT OF THIS ONE,
MY FRIEND.
I'M TELLING YOU.
HA HA HA!
YOU ARE FUCKED UP.
[CHUCKLING]
FINE. YOU WANT TO GO BACK
TO THE HOT SAUCE?
THAT'S FINE BY ME.
[GLASS BREAKS]
SEVEN YEARS.
WHAT?
[CHUCKLING]
THE MIRROR.
SEVEN YEARS'
BAD LUCK.
HA HA HA!
SHUT UP.
SHUT UP!
HA HA HA!
[COCKS GUN]
I SAID SHUT UP!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S BRILLIANT.
THAT'S FUCKING
BRILLIANT.
HA HA HA!
THIS IS GENIUS.
SHEER FUCKING GENIUS.
THIS IS GREAT WORK,
GUY!
THANKS. YOU SAID YOU
NEEDED AN ENDING,
SO...
AND TO SET IT
IN A LAUNDROMAT.
IT'S PERFECT.
IT'S REAL.
IT'S BELIEVABLE.
RIGHT, AND WHAT'S
MORE ROMANTIC
THAN A WOMAN SCRUBBING
YOUR SHORTS, RIGHT?
HA HA HA!
THAT'S GREAT.
GOOD WORK.
REALLY? THANK YOU
VERY MUCH.
WE HAVE A GO MOVIE.
CYRUS IS GOING
TO GREEN-LIGHT THIS
RIGHT AWAY.
I'M GOING TO SHOW HIM
THESE NOTES.
IT'S GOOD-BYE, STELLA.
HELLO, BUDDY AND GUY.
THERE'S SOME
SPELLING ERRORS
I NEED TO CLEAN UP.
TO HELL WITH THAT.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THAT.
HE'S GOING TO BE
TOO EXCITED ABOUT CONTENT
TO WORRY ABOUT SPELLING.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU DID IT.
I AM NOT GOING
TO FORGET THIS.
GET READY TO MEET
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD.
I'M GOING TO TELL
CYRUS ABOUT YOU.
YOU EARNED IT.
YOU DESERVE IT.
OH, SHIT.
I LEFT MY BELT
AT MARNIE'S LAST NIGHT.
I CAN'T SEE CYRUS
LIKE THIS.
OH!
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
DAWN, BUDDY LOVED
THE NOTES.
YEAH. HE'S IN A MEETING
WITH CYRUS RIGHT NOW.
YEAH. CYRUS.
CYRUS.
THEY'RE COMING
DOWN THE HALL NOW.
LET ME CALL YOU BACK.
I'LL CALL YOU BACK.
[BUDDY]
THERE'S NOTHING
MORE ROMANTIC
THAN A GIRL SCRUBBING
A GUY'S UNDERWEAR.
YOU THINK THE KIDS
ARE GOING TO RESPOND TO THIS?
ABSOLUTELY.
CYRUS, IT SPEAKS TO
THEIR GENERATION,
A GENERATION
THAT'S BEEN DISSED--
DISILLUSIONED,
DISAPPOINTED, DISMAYED.
RIGHT, FOSTER?
[FOSTER]
THAT SUMS IT UP
PERFECTLY.
WELL, GOOD.
YOU CAN NEVER TELL
WITH YOU KIDS THESE DAYS.
LET ME JUST GRAB THIS,
AND THEN WE'LL GO EAT.
YOU'VE JUST GOT TO FIX
THESE SPELLING ERRORS.
IT'S UNPROFESSIONAL.
I'M SORRY.
I SHOULD HAVE
CHECKED IT FIRST.
I JUST HAD GUY
TYPE IT UP FOR ME.
I WAS JUST
TOO DAMNED EXCITED.
CAN YOU BLAME ME?
OH, NO. I ADMIRE
THAT KIND OF ENTHUSIASM.
IT'S A GREAT PROJECT,
BUDDY.
I'M NOT GOING TO FORGET
WHO BROUGHT IT TO ME.
KEEP THIS UP,
I'LL HAVE TO
MAKE YOU PRESIDENT
OF PRODUCTION.
I JUST WANT
A HOME RUN
FOR THE TEAM.
YOU ALL RIGHT, MAN.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE CALLING.
NO, MAN. LISTEN TO ME.
I'M NOT GOING TO LET
THAT ONE ISSUE
BE A FUCKING
DEAL BREAKER ON THIS.
I-IT'S IMPOSSIBLE,
SO--
NO WAY.
WELL, YOU GO BACK,
AND YOU MAKE A COUNTEROFF--
WHERE THE FUCK
ARE YOU GOING?
I WAS GOING
TO THE BATHROOM.
I--I NEED TO GO.
FORGET WHAT YOU NEED
AND CONCENTRATE ON WHAT I NEED.
GET ME
ON ANOTHER FUCKING CALL.
SHUT UP FOR A SECOND.
LISTEN TO ME.
I DON'T CARE
WHAT STELLA SAID.
YOU CLOSE THE DEAL.
WE'RE GOING
TO LOSE THE KID.
ALL RIGHT?
GET BACK TO ME.
THIS IS BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE CALLING.
FINE. I'LL HAVE HIM
GET BACK TO YOU.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE CALLING.
FINE. YES, WE'LL HOLD,
BUT PLEASE GET HIM.
WATER?
UH, THIS IS BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE CALLING.
OH, I DON'T WANT
THAT MUCH.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE CALLING.
THANK YOU.
LEAVE WORD.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE CALLING.
FINE. PLEASE LEAVE WORD
WITH HIM.
YES. WE'LL CALL BACK.
[RUNNING]
[DOOR SLAMS]
WYOMING.
WHAT? YOU HAVE
A WESTERN THERE?
FORGET ABOUT MONTANA.
WYOMING IS...IS...
IT'S CLEAN. IT'S PURE.
WE'LL NEVER LEAVE EXCEPT
IF WE NEED SOMETHING.
WE'LL ONLY GO INTO TOWN
WE? OHH.
YEAH. YOU'RE GOING TO
WANT TO COME, AREN'T YOU?
MM-HMM.
I COULD WRITE.
NO MORE SUCKING UP TO
THESE EGOTISTICAL IDIOTS.
NO MORE POLITICKING.
NO MORE BAD SCRIPTS.
AND MOST OF ALL,
NO MORE BUDDY ACKERMAN.
* SCEE BEE
DEE BEE DOO BOP... *
[DIALING CAR PHONE]
[RING]
HI. THIS IS GUY.
LEAVE ME A MESSAGE.
* SHIT, FUCK,
OH, PISS **
GUY? PICK UP THE PHONE.
I KNOW YOU'RE THERE.
COME ON. PICK UP,
PICK UP, PICK UP,
PICK UP, PICK UP.
HELLO?
HEY. HOW YOU DOING?
UH, I'M FINE.
I'M HERE WITH--
GREAT. THAT'S GREAT.
LET'S DO IT.
SCRIPT STATUS?
THE NEW DRAFT'S IN,
NOTES BY MONDAY.
THAT'S GREAT.
AND THE DEAL?
SIGNED AND DELIVERED
FRIDAY NIGHT.
HA HA!
ANY NEW, UH--
NO, NO. NO NEW
HAIR PRODUCTS THIS WEEK.
ALL RIGHT. O.K.
NO, THAT'S GREAT.
NO, NO, GREAT.
GIVE ME MINDY'S NUMBER.
[RADIO]
WEEKEND'S ALMOST OVER,
EVERYONE,
SO ENJOY IT WHILE YOU CAN.
TO HELP YOU OUT,
WE'RE GOING TO CONTINUE ON
WITH A MARATHON
OF NONSTOP...
I DON'T HAVE IT WITH ME.
IT'S AT THE OFFICE.
JESUS CHRIST, YOU CAN'T
DO ANYTHING RIGHT.
YOU KNOW I WAS
SEEING HER TONIGHT.
YOUR HEAD'S
GOT TO BE A ROLODEX,
OR YOUR ASS
IS ON THE LINE.
NO, NO.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
GET DOWN TO THE OFFICE
AND GET ME HER NUMBER.
[DIAL TONE]
COME HERE.
I HAVE TO GO
TO THE OFFICE.
YOU WERE JUST THERE.
I GOT TO GET
A PHONE NUMBER.
FOR WHAT?
ONE OF BUDDY'S BIMS?
JUST TRY
TO UNDERSTAND, O.K.?
I--I HAVE TO DO THIS.
NO, YOU DON'T.
YOU'VE PLAYED THE DODDERING
HOUSEBOY LONG ENOUGH.
I KNOW, BUT I'VE MADE
A COMMITMENT.
AND YOU THINK THAT MEANS
SOMETHING TO HIM?
DON'T LEAVE.
I'M COMING RIGHT BACK.
LOOK, DO ME A FAVOR.
THE NEXT TIME BUDDY CALLS,
SAY, "I DON'T CARE."
NO, REALLY.
TRY IT.
SAY, "I DON'T CARE, BUDDY."
COME ON.
YOU REALLY CAN'T DO IT,
CAN YOU?
WYOMING, MY ASS.
YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU FIGURE OUT
WHAT IT IS YOU REALLY WANT,
WHY DON'T YOU
GIVE ME A CALL?
YOU.
WHAT?
YOU ARE THE ONLY THING
IN MY MISERABLE,
SHITTY LITTLE EXISTENCE
THAT I HAVE
TO LOOK FORWARD TO.
YOU'RE THE ONLY REAL
THING THAT I HAVE LEFT.
THEN SAY IT.
SAY YOU DON'T CARE.
COME ON. SAY IT.
FINE. LEAVE.
YOUR PROJECT IS SET UP.
YOU GOT WHAT YOU WANTED,
AND I GOT LAID.
GOT TO GIVE ACTION
TO GET ACTION.
YEAH, THAT'S IT.
THAT'S IT EXACTLY.
CONGRATULATIONS, GUY.
YOU JUST GRADUATED.
YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE
A KILLING IN THIS BUSINESS.
[GUY]
PROTECT MY INTERESTS,
SERVE MY NEEDS.
CHRIST, YOU'RE DENSE.
NO WONDER YOUR WIFE
LEFT YOU.
THAT'S ANOTHER THING.
ALL THIS TIME
THAT I'VE WORKED FOR YOU,
I STILL DON'T KNOW A THING
ABOUT YOUR EX-WIFE.
THERE'S NOT A TRACE,
NOT A PICTURE
IN THE WHOLE HOUSE.
W-WAS SHE BEAUTIFUL?
YES.
DID YOU LOVE HER?
OH.
OH, HOW NICE.
WHEN'S SHE COMING HOME?
OH, I FORGOT.
SHE LEFT YOU.
[CHUCKLING]
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WHAT DO I WANT?
WELL, TELL ME A STORY.
TELL ME ABOUT
A YOUNG BUDDY IN LOVE
WITH A WOMAN WHO JUST
DIDN'T WANT HIM.
WAS IT A PAINFUL SEPARATION?
DID YOU FIND HER
IN THE PASSIONATE THROES
OF A SECRET LOVER? HMM?
DID SHE TAKE YOU
FOR EVERYTHING YOU HAD,
OR DID THE BITCH
ONLY GET HALF?
SHE DIED.
OH. IS THAT ALL?
WELL, BOOHOO.
WHAT A LINE.
"MY WIFE DIED.
CAN YOU COME HOME WITH ME?
HOLD ME. LOVE ME.
FUCK ME." CHRIST.
OH, GOD, YOU ARE
SUCH AN ASSHOLE.
CHRISTMAS EVE,
12 YEARS AGO.
SHE WAS ON HER WAY
TO THE MALL.
I WAS SUPPOSED
TO HAVE GONE WITH HER.
WE HADN'T STARTED
OUR CHRISTMAS
SHOPPING YET,
BUT IT WAS
GOING TO BE SIMPLE,
JUST SOME STUFF
FOR OUR PARENTS.
MONEY WAS TIGHT,
AND SHOPPING
WAS A HASSLE ANYWAY.
WE EVEN PROMISED NOT TO
GIVE EACH OTHER GIFTS.
ON THE WAY,
THERE WAS A CAR
THAT HAD BROKEN DOWN.
MALLORY PULLED OVER
TO HELP.
I ALWAYS TOLD HER
SHE WAS SUCH A BUSYBODY,
BUT SHE CALLED IT
BEING NICE.
SHE GOT OUT AND ASKED
IF EVERYTHING WAS
ALL RIGHT
OR SOMETHING STUPID.
ANYWAY, IT WAS A SCAM,
BUNCH OF PUNK KIDS
STEALING CARS.
THEY SHOT HER.
I WAS STUCK
AT THE OFFICE
WRAPPING CHRISTMAS GIFTS
FOR MY BOSS.
A LOT OF GIFTS.
WE'D HAD A GOOD YEAR.
I WAS THERE
TILL 3:00 A.M.
THE WHOLE TIME,
I'M THINKING,
"OH, BOY, SHE IS GOING
TO BE PISSED.
WHEN I GET HOME,
I'M A DEAD MAN."
ANYWAY, I GOT HOME,
GOT THE MESSAGE,
WENT DOWN
TO THE HOSPITAL
TO IDENTIFY HER.
IT WAS A WHOLE WEEK
INTO THE NEW YEAR
BEFORE I FOUND THEM--
THESE STUPID WIND-UP
TOYS AND A NOTE--
"IN THE CONSTANT
RAT RACE OF LIFE,
DON'T EVER FORGET
TO UNWIND."
SHE WAS NEVER
REALLY ANY GOOD
AT WRITING NOTES.
LOOK, I DIDN'T
KNOW ANYTHING--
OH, GUY DIDN'T KNOW.
IMAGINE THAT.
BOY GENIUS HERE
DIDN'T KNOW SOMETHING.
THAT IS NO EXCUSE
FOR YOUR BEHAVIOR.
YOU THINK YOU KNOW
IT ALL, DON'T YOU?
YOU'RE 25.
YOU'RE A BABY.
YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT.
LOOK, I KNOW
WHAT'S FAIR, O.K.?
LOOK,
I CAN APPRECIATE THIS.
I WAS YOUNG, TOO.
I FELT JUST LIKE YOU.
HATED AUTHORITY,
HATED ALL MY BOSSES,
THOUGHT THEY WERE
FULL OF SHIT.
IF YOU'RE NOT
A REBEL BY 20,
YOU GOT NO HEART.
IF YOU HAVEN'T TURNED
ESTABLISHMENT BY 30,
YOU GOT NO BRAINS.
THERE ARE
NO STORYBOOK ROMANCES,
NO FAIRY-TALE ENDINGS,
SO BEFORE YOU RUN OUT
AND CHANGE THE WORLD,
ASK YOURSELF
WHAT DO YOU REALLY WANT?
* WHEN THE PLANE LANDS
* WHEN THE CRACKS
APPEAR IN THE LAND *
* AND THE ROCKS TURN
INTO SAND... **
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
HANK, WHAT HAPPENED
TO THAT DELIVERY?
UH-HUH.
OOH.
STOP IT, HANK.
THAT'S NOT
WHAT I ASKED FOR.
MM-HMM. LOOK, I DON'T CARE
IF GOD HIMSELF CAME DOWN
AND DESTROYED
THE MESSENGER VAN.
WHAT I CARE ABOUT IS DETAIL.
8:30 IS NOT THE SAME
AS 8:00.
HANK, SHUT UP.
LISTEN AND LEARN.
WHEN I ASK FOR SOMETHING
TO BE DELIVERED AT 8:00,
I EXPECT IT AT 8:00.
I WANT IT AT 8:00,
NOT 8:30.
SO THE NEXT TIME I ASK
FOR SOMETHING TO BE
DELIVERED AT 8:00,
GET IT THERE.
GOOD MORNING.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WELL, THERE WAS
JUST A LITTLE MIX-UP
IN THE MAILROOM.
CYRUS' BIRTHDAY GIFT
IS ON ITS WAY.
[RING]
THE PHONE IS RINGING.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
YES, SHEILA,
HE'S RIGHT HERE.
HOLD ON ONE MOMENT, PLEASE.
CYRUS.
UH, UH, UH, UH.
HEY.
* HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU *
WHAT? ARE YOU KIDDING?
HOW COULD I FORGET?
THE PROJECT?
LOOKS GREAT.
HOW GREAT?
ABOUT $100 MILLION GREAT.
HOW'S THAT SOUND?
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
YEAH? HA HA!
REALLY?
[RING]
WELL, TELL ME ABOUT IT.
BUDDY ACKERMAN'S OFFICE.
NO, FOSTER,
HE'S ON WITH CYRUS.
WELL, YOU ASKED FOR IT,
YOU GOT IT.
I'LL HAVE HIM CALL YOU
RIGHT BACK, FOSTER.
AS SOON AS HE'S OFF.
BYE.
OH, THAT'S GREAT.
ME? OH, ARE YOU KIDDING?
I GOT NO TIME.
I'M TOO BUSY
WORKING FOR YOU.
YEAH? WELL, O.K.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, ANYTHING YOU SAY.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
UH, FOSTER KANE--
THE NOTES?
YEAH, YOU'LL GET THEM
BY 6:00 TONIGHT.
GUY'S WORKING
ON THEM RIGHT NOW.
GUY? OH, HE IS
FAN-FUCKING-TASTIC.
HE'S THE BEST
I'VE EVER HAD.
I'LL HAVE TO START
LOOKING AFTER MY BACK.
HE'S COMING UP.
HE'S THE ONE TO WATCH,
THE ONE MOVING UP.
UH-HUH.
O.K. YEAH.
BYE-BYE.
YOU SEE?
I'M LOOKING OUT FOR YOU.
LISTEN TO ME.
NOBODY ELSE.
BECAUSE I HAVE YOUR BEST
INTERESTS AT HEART.
DO I LOOK THAT STUPID?
DO I LOOK THAT DUMB?
UNBELIEVABLE.
DID YOU REALLY THINK
YOU COULD PULL THAT ON ME?
HEY, I TOLD CYRUS
ABOUT YOU.
BULLSHIT!
YOU TOOK CREDIT
FOR EVERYTHING THAT I DID.
BULLSHIT. HE KNOWS
WHO YOU ARE.
YOU LIED!
YOU LIED TO ME!
I TOLD YOU WHAT
YOU WANTED TO HEAR,
WHAT YOU NEEDED
TO HEAR.
BULLSHIT.
YOU WERE GETTING
COMPLACENT, UNGRATEFUL,
COMPLETE AND TOTAL
JOB BURNOUT.
YOU JUST DIDN'T
GIVE A SHIT ANYMORE,
DRAGGING YOUR FEET
EVERYWHERE,
TELLING EVERYBODY
YOU WERE DOING MY JOB,
THAT YOU WERE
RUNNING THE SHOW,
THAT WITHOUT YOU,
I WAS NOTHING.
YEAH. PEOPLE
TELL ME THINGS.
DON'T COME
PREACHING TO ME
ABOUT YOUR IDEAS
OF WHAT'S FAIR.
YOU'RE NO MARTYR HERE.
YOU'RE NO HERO.
YOU'RE JUST
A FUCKING HYPOCRITE.
YOU'RE JUST LIKE
ANY OTHER PUNK KID
OUT THERE
LOOKING FOR A WAY IN,
ANY WAY IN,
AND YOU NEED ME.
DOES THAT GIVE YOU
THE RIGHT TO ABUSE PEOPLE?
WHAT GIVES YOU THE RIGHT
TO TREAT PEOPLE LIKE--
BECAUSE I EARNED IT.
YOU THINK SOMEONE
JUST HANDED ME THIS JOB?
I'VE HANDLED THE PHONES.
I'VE JUGGLED THE BIMBOS.
I'VE PUT UP
WITH THE TYRANTS,
YELLERS, SCREAMERS.
I'VE DONE MORE
THAN YOU CAN IMAGINE
IN THAT SMALL MIND
OF YOURS.
I PAID MY DUES.
I DIDN'T SPEND ONE YEAR--
AND I SPENT 10!
DAMN IT, IT'S MY TURN
TO BE SELFISH.
IT'S MY TURN.
YOU SEE,
THAT'S THE TROUBLE
WITH YOUR FUCKING
MTV-MICROWAVE-DINNER
GENERATION.
YOU ALL WANT IT NOW.
YOU THINK YOU DESERVE IT
JUST BECAUSE
YOU WANT IT?
IT DOESN'T WORK
LIKE THAT.
YOU HAVE TO EARN IT,
TAKE IT.
YOU HAVE TO
MAKE IT YOURS,
BUT FIRST, GUY,
YOU NEED TO DECIDE
WHAT IT IS
YOU REALLY WANT.
I WANT YOU
TO STOP CALLING ME
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
I WANT YOU TO STOP SENDING ME
TO THE FUCKING OFFICE
FOR YOUR GODDAMN
PHONE NUMBERS,
FOR YOUR FUCKING
SUNGLASSES.
I WANT MY LIFE BACK!
WHAT LIFE? WHAT LIFE?
I GAVE YOU LIFE.
BEFORE ME,
YOU WERE NOTHING.
BEFORE ME, YOU WERE
AN INK SPOT,
AND NOW YOU'RE PLAYING
IN THE MAJORS.
I MADE YOU.
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE GUY
FROM BUDDY ACKERMAN'S
OFFICE.
YOU WANT TO GO
BACK TO YOUR SHITTY
LITTLE EXISTENCE?
GO AHEAD. LEAVE.
THERE'S THE DOOR.
NO ONE'S STOPPING YOU.
YOU COULD
HAVE LEFT ANY DAY,
BUT YOU STAYED.
LET'S FORGET THE DUDLEY-
DAMNED-DO-RIGHT CRAP,
BECAUSE OUT HERE,
IT'S KILL YOUR PARENTS,
FUCK YOUR FRIENDS,
AND HAVE A NICE DAY.
AND THAT MAKES IT
ALL RIGHT, HUH?
THAT'S A LOAD OF SHIT.
I DON'T MAKE THE RULES.
I PLAY BY THEM.
YOUR JOB
IS UNFAIR TO YOU?
GROW UP.
WAY IT GOES.
PEOPLE USE YOU?
LIFE'S UNFAIR?
GROW UP.
WAY IT GOES.
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
DOESN'T LOVE YOU?
TOUGH SHIT.
WAY IT GOES.
YOUR WIFE
GETS RAPED AND SHOT
AND THEY LEAVE
THEIR UNFINISHED BEERS?
THEIR...
THEIR
STINKING LONGNECKS...
JUST LYING THERE
ON THE...
SO BE IT.
WAY IT GOES.
SO, NOW YOU
WANT TO TELL ME
WHAT YOU REALLY WANT?
WHAT THIS IS REALLY
ALL ABOUT?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU
THIS EVENING?
[BEEPING]
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
HELLO?
HI, DAWN.
IT'S, UH, BUDDY.
I'M LOOKING FOR GUY.
HAVE YOU SEEN HIM?
NO. I HAVEN'T SEEN HIM
IN A WHILE.
OH, THAT'S TOO BAD.
YOU WANT TO COME OVER
AND DISCUSS THE PROJECT?
YOU'RE NOT REALLY
LOOKING FOR GUY,
ARE YOU, BUDDY?
OOPS. YOU CAUGHT ME.
SO, WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I'D SAY I'M REALLY BUSY.
SORRY.
YOU'RE FORGETTING
WHAT I TAUGHT YOU.
NEVER APOLOGIZE...
IT'S A SIGN OF WEAKNESS.
NEVER FORGOT IT.
YOU KNOW,
I CAN REMEMBER THE DAYS
WHEN YOU WOULD HAVE
SCURRIED OVER HERE
LIKE AN EAGER BEAVER.
THOSE DAYS
ARE LONG GONE.
THAT'S WHY YOUR CAREER
HAS BEEN ON HOLD.
YOU GOT TO GIVE ACTION
TO GET ACTION.
NEVER FORGOT THAT.
I GOT TO GO.
IT'S GUY, ISN'T IT?
YOU CAN'T SEE THE BOSS
BECAUSE YOU'RE SCREWING
THE ASSISTANT?
YEAH. THAT'S IT.
THAT'S IT EXACTLY.
FINE. HE'S NO LONGER
THE ASSISTANT.
EXCUSE ME?
YOU HEARD ME.
HE'S HISTORY.
THERE. ANY PROBLEMS
COMING OVER NOW?
I AM WARNING YOU,
LEAVE GUY OUT OF THIS.
HE IS NOT
THE PROBLEM, BUDDY.
WELL, MAYBE HE IS,
AND MAYBE HE ISN'T.
THERE'S REALLY ONLY
ONE WAY TO FIND OUT--
[DIAL TONE]
FUCK.
FUCKING MEN.
FUCKING CRAZY.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
WHAT?
DAWN? IT'S GUY.
OH, HI. HEY.
CAN I COME OVER?
I--I THINK
WE NEED TO TALK.
UM, LOOK,
NOT--NOT TONIGHT, O.K.?
I'VE GOT A LOT OF SCRIPTS
TO READ AND STUFF,
SO, UH, CAN WE
DO THIS TOMORROW?
OH, UH...
TOMORROW?
YEAH. YEAH. O.K.
TALK TO ME.
WHAT IS IT?
OH, NOTHING.
I--I JUST WANTED
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING,
BUT I GUESS IT CAN WAIT
TILL TOMORROW.
O.K. CALL ME
IN THE MORNING, O.K.?
I WILL.
DAWN, UM...
WHAT?
I REALLY...
I'M REALLY SORRY.
O.K.
[DIAL TONE]
I LOVE YOU.
[BEEPING]
* JUST LET ME TRY,
AND I WILL BE THERE FOR YOU *
* I'LL SHOW YOU WHY
* IT'S MUCH MORE
THAN GOOD ENOUGH... **
NO. WAIT A MINUTE.
RECONSIDER WHAT, BUDDY?
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
ARE YOU GOING TO FIRE ME?
I GOT ANOTHER CALL.
HELLO? HELLO?
IT'S STILL ME.
WE COULDN'T RETURN
A LOT OF CALLS
BECAUSE YOU'VE BEEN AWAY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
RECONSIDER?
CALL WAITING,
CALL CONFERENCING--
GOT TO BE A FUCKING
ROCKET SCIENTIST
TO MAKE THIS WORK.
HELLO? HELLO?
[DAWN]
BUDDY.
WELL, HI.
DAWN. YOU WIN.
REALLY?
MIDNIGHT, RIGHT?
YEAH, JUST LIKE
OLD TIMES.
YEAH? NOT EVEN CLOSE.
SHALL I BRING ANYTHING?
NO, NOT A THING.
JUST GET YOUR CUTE
LITTLE BUTT OVER HERE.
I'LL LEAVE THE KEY OUT.
BUDDY? DAWN.
WELL, HI.
SHALL I BRING ANYTHING?
I'LL LEAVE
THE KEY OUT.
MIDNIGHT, RIGHT?
YEAH,
JUST LIKE OLD TIMES.
JUST GET YOUR CUTE
LITTLE BUTT OVER HERE.
I'LL LEAVE THE KEY OUT.
SO WE'RE LEFT
WITH JUST ONE THING,
THE ONLY THING I KNOW
THAT DRIVES MEN
TO HURT, TO WANT.
IT'S ABOUT A GIRL,
ISN'T IT, GUY?
THIS IS ABOUT DAWN.
ALL THIS OVER A CHICK?
YOU FOOL.
PLEASE, JUST SHUT UP.
GUY, YOU DISAPPOINT ME.
START THINKING
WITH YOUR HEAD
AND NOT YOUR HIPS.
I GAVE YOU EVERYTHING...
BUT YOU WEREN'T
SATISFIED.
YOU HAD TO HAVE HER, TOO.
OH, SOME GIFT.
SHE'S NOT
WHAT YOU THINK.
COME ON. GROW UP.
YOU KNOW A BED
IS THE BEST FRIEND
A GIRL LIKE DAWN
CAN HAVE.
IF YOU'RE GOING
TO LOSE IT
EVERY TIME
SOME BIM CLIMBS
THE SOCIAL LADDER,
YOU'RE NEVER GOING
TO MAKE IT.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, DAWN?
DAWN, HONEY, SO GLAD
YOU MADE IT ON TIME,
DARLING, BECAUSE...
[LIKE RICKY RICARDO]
YOU GOT SOME SPLAININ'
TO DO.
BUDDY,
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
GUY, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
DON'T YOU THINK
THAT'S A QUESTION
YOU SHOULD BE ANSWERING?
WHAT?
OH, CHRIST.
NO, GUY,
THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
REALLY?
TELL US, WHAT ARE WE
SUPPOSED TO THINK?
A YOUNG,
EAGER PRODUCER
COMES TO THE HOUSE
OF A TOP EXECUTIVE
FOR A MIDNIGHT
RENDEZVOUS.
RIGHT, GUY. IT'S NOT
WHAT YOU THINK.
SHE'S DEFINITELY
NOT SELLING
GIRL SCOUT COOKIES.
WHAT HAS HAPPENED HERE?
STOP WITH THE FUCKING
STUPID QUESTIONS.
HE'S TAKEN ME HOSTAGE.
HE'S BEATEN ME,
TORTURED ME,
AND I THINK
YOU'RE NEXT, DEAR.
GUY, THIS IS
COMPLETELY INSANE.
JUST PUT THE GUN DOWN,
AND WHY DON'T
WE TALK ABOUT THIS?
TALK? TALK?
WHAT THE FUCK
YOU THINK WE'VE BEEN
DOING ALL NIGHT?
YOU DON'T
FULLY APPRECIATE
THE SITUATION.
AFTER YOU GET
PAST THE "OOPS,
HE CAUGHT US" STAGE
AND REALIZE
WE'RE BOTH FUCKED,
LET ME KNOW.
I'VE GOT NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO STANDING BY
YOUR MAN, DAWN?
YOU DON'T STAND BY THEM.
YOU STAND ON THEM
AS YOU CLIMB TO
THE NEXT ONE'S BED.
DAWN USED TO BE
QUITE THE FUCK TOWEL--
FRESH FILM-SCHOOL GRAD
WHO FUCKED HER WAY
TO TOP ASSISTANT DESK,
JUNIOR EXECUTIVE,
AND THEN TO V.P.
IT WAS QUITE A RISE.
SHE STOPPED
THE DAY SHE GOT
HER PRODUCER DEAL.
BEEN THREE YEARS NOW
TRYING TO MAKE
"IMPORTANT" FILMS.
SHE STARTED TO WORRY
ABOUT WORDS LIKE HONOR,
DIGNITY, AND RESPECT--
WORDS THAT
A TWO-BIT TRAMP
COULD NEVER AFFORD.
HOW DARE YOU JUDGE ME?
WHO THE HELL
DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
O.K. YOU TELL HIM, THEN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WHY DON'T YOU TELL HIM?
IT'S BETTER HE HEARS
FROM YOU.
YOU SET THIS UP!
[GUNSHOT]
SHUT UP!
BOTH OF YOU, SHUT UP.
GUY, YOU'RE ACTING
LIKE A CHILD.
YOU'RE NO BETTER
THAN HE IS RIGHT NOW.
ME? WHAT ABOUT YOU?
TELL ME SOMETHING.
H-HOW LONG HAVE YOU
BEEN FUCKING HIM?
A COUPLE OF GOOD YEARS.
SHUT UP!
GUY, I KNOW
WHAT THIS LOOKS LIKE.
IT IS NOT
WHAT YOU THINK.
I CAME HERE FOR YOU.
I CAME HERE FOR US.
YOU CAME HERE
FOR US?
I TOLD HIM TO PROMOTE YOU.
THE FILM WAS GETTING MADE.
IT'S EVERYTHING YOU WANTED,
EVERYTHING YOU HOPED FOR.
NO.
NO, IT ISN'T.
IT'S NOT WHAT I WANTED.
IT'S NOT THE WAY
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE.
I WANTED THIS FOR US.
I--I WANTED THIS
FOR YOU.
EXCUSE ME.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU TWO THINK
YOU LOVE EACH OTHER,
AND THAT'S THE REASON
YOU PUT UP WITH MY SHIT?
THAT'S THE MOST PATHETIC
THING I'VE EVER HEARD.
I TOLD YOU
TO SHUT UP!
GUY, THIS IS
WHAT HE WANTS.
PUT THE GUN DOWN.
HE HAS GOT TO PAY.
HE IS NOT WORTH IT.
YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO.
DON'T GIVE UP EVERYTHING
YOU'VE WORKED FOR.
COME ON, BOY.
WE CAN FIX THIS
IF YOU PUT THE GUN DOWN.
IT'S YOURS, AND YOU KNOW
YOU WANT IT.
IF YOU DON'T TAKE IT,
I GOT NO SYMPATHY.
IT IS ALL FOR NOTHING.
WILL YOU STAY
THE FUCK OUT OF THIS?
I--I AM TRYING
TO SAVE YOUR LIFE HERE.
AND I'M TRYING
TO GIVE GUY HIS.
BABY, HE CAN'T
FUCK HIS WAY
THROUGH THE RANKS
AS WELL AS YOU CAN.
HE'S GOT TO
FIGHT AND SCRATCH
HIS WAY THERE.
YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO CONTRIBUTE TO THIS,
SO STAY THE FUCK OUT.
HA!
GO AHEAD. SHOOT.
I DON'T CARE.
YABBA-DABBA-DOO.
ALL RIGHT, GUY,
COME ON.
LET'S FINISH THIS.
SHOW ME
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF.
DON'T
LET ME DOWN, SON.
EVERYTHING
I'VE TAUGHT YOU
COMES DOWN TO THIS.
THIS IS THE ONLY WAY
YOU CAN HOPE
TO SURVIVE
BECAUSE LIFE
IS NOT A MOVIE.
EVERYONE LIES.
GOOD GUYS LOSE.
AND LOVE...
DOES NOT CONQUER ALL.
SO LET'S DO THIS THING.
LET'S FINISH IT.
I'M SORRY.
DO IT!
COME ON, DO IT NOW!
[BULLET CASING
DROPS ONTO FLOOR]
[RADIO PLAYING
ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH]
CURRENTLY 78 DEGREES
IN HOLLYWOOD
AND BEGINNING TO LOOK
A LOT LIKE CHRISTMAS.
HEY, HEY, LOOK WHO'S
THE NEW BIG MAN ON CAMPUS.
COME ON IN
AND SIT DOWN, JACK.
WHAT? THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
UNBELIEVABLE.
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE
THE YOUNGEST EXECUTIVE
THEY'VE EVER HAD HERE.
YEAH, WELL...
WELL, NOTHING.
YOU DESERVE IT,
AFTER YOU SAVED BUDDY
FROM THAT CRAZY CHICK.
UNBELIEVABLE.
THAT'S NOT QUITE
HOW IT HAPPENED, JACK.
THE WAY IT HAPPENED?
SHIT.
THIS JILTED LOVER
HOLDS BUDDY HOSTAGE,
BEATS HIM,
TORTURES HIM,
AND YOU RIDE IN
AND SAVE THE DAY.
ABOVE AND BEYOND
THE CALL OF DUTY, GUY.
I WAS
DELIVERING SCRIPTS
AND HAPPENED
TO BE THERE.
YOU PULLED THE TRIGGER
ON HER, MAN.
YOU WERE A HERO.
YOU DESERVE THIS.
SO, YOU KNOW,
DO YOU THINK YOU COULD
POP A GOOD WORD IN FOR ME?
I MEAN,
MY YEAR'S ALMOST DONE HERE.
LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING, JACK.
EVERYONE IS GOING TO WANT
TO GIVE YOU THE SAME ADVICE,
TELL YOU THAT YOU HAVE TO
PAY YOUR DUES,
ASK YOU TO DO THEM
A FAVOR,
"DO THIS FOR US."
THEY ALL WANT YOU
TO PLAY BY THE RULES, JACK--
THEIR RULES.
WELL, SAVE THAT
CANDY-STRIPE SHIT
FOR THE WALL STREET WIMPS,
BECAUSE THIS TOWN
IS A JUNGLE.
THIS IS YOUR INNER CITY.
THESE ARE
YOUR MEAN STREETS,
AND THE ONLY INTERESTS
THAT YOU NEED TO PROTECT...
ARE YOURS,
AND THE ONLY NEEDS
THAT YOU HAVE TO SERVE...
ARE YOURS.
SO, THE ONLY QUESTION
THAT YOU NEED TO ANSWER IS THIS,
AND THINK
ABOUT THIS, JACK...
WHAT DO YOU REALLY WANT?
WELL...
I HAVE TO GO
TO A MEETING, JACK, SO...
O.K.
YOU'RE MY GOD.
HEY, GUY, WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE GRAB SOME DINNER TONIGHT?
I'D LIKE TO, JACK,
BUT I HAVE TO WRAP
SOME CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
THE NATIONAL CAPTIONING
INSTITUTE, INC.
CAPTIONS COPYRIGHT 1995
KEYSTONE PARTNERS II LP.